README: document where to find changelog (#451)
canonical/core-base: README.md

so it can survive the switch root between initramfs and data
partition. With those changes, we could also have `systemd-bootchart` as
init process so we get an even more accurate picture.

# ChangeLog

Each release of the base snap includes a ChangeLog at
`/usr/share/doc/ChangeLog` that summarises the package updates bundled in
that release, along with the aggregated updates from previous releases.

## When the snap is already installed

If the base snap is already installed on the system, the ChangeLog is available
at `/snap/core22/current/usr/share/doc/ChangeLog`.

> You can find all the available revisions with `snap list --all core22`. To inspect

Reviewer: So as to not people any ideas that the command would show anything else than what's already in the system:
```suggestion
You can list all installed revisions with `snap list --all core22`. To inspect
```

Author: thanks, done

a specific revision that is not the active one, replace `current` with the

> revision number (e.g. `/snap/core22/1234/usr/share/doc/ChangeLog`).

Reviewer: the changelog appears to be incremental, so the content of previous revisions should already be included. However, there's no way of telling which revisions of the snap they correspond to

Reviewer: I think I would focus on this:
- `core*` snap versions are based on date, the date indicates when the snap was rebuilt
- the changelog is incremental and includes information from previous releases

Author: updated to include:
* Changelog summarizes ... along with the aggregated updates from previous releases.
* You can find all the available revisions with `snap list --all core22`

## Via `snap download`

You can download a snap revision without installing it, then extract the
ChangeLog from the squashfs image:

```bash

> # Download the snap (optionally use a specific revision with --revision=<N>)

Reviewer: the only problem with this is that there's no way of telling what other revision numbers are

Author: true, removed the revision specific part
